So let's work on the orders screen now and output more than just this boring text.
Now just as with the card screen and the products overview screen I want a more complex order item and
deal for all create a separate order item component in the components folder and there in a shop folder.
As always it's up to you whether you also do that.
But since this will be an not a super small component I prefer having it in a separate file.
So important react from react here and unsurprisingly of course import a bunch of things from React
Native and that would be the view text style sheet since we'll certainly set up some styles as well
and also button because I also want to be able to expand and order so that we don't always see all the
items that are part of the order but that we can view them if we wish to notice that we can create our
order item constant here so that will be the component itself which receives props and then in the end
will have its body here and returns and J as X code and need a stylus object here with style sheet create
like this and all the export order item as a default.
Now how should an order item look like.
Now as always it's up to you but I'll work with a view here and my idea is that I always show like The
total amount of that order and the date and then show Details button which we can press to view the
individual items that are part of the order and for these items I'll actually use the card item component
here because I wonder rendered the exact same items as a display in a cart.
So we'll actually import card item from the card item component and reuse that component here.
Back to Dad Jay has X code though.
So we have a wrapping view around our entire order object our entire order entry here.
Now in there I want to have a first row and therefore I'll use another number view so that we can styled
is appropriately which should hold some text that displays our total so to some of that order let's
say in the number text where I show the date and D should be in the same row with space in between them
below them as I mentioned should be a button which we can press to show the details which then show
us all the items that are a part of that order now.
With that setup of course it's clear that the amount here should be received with the help of props.
So there I expect to get an amount prop and I will call to fixed to to output the appropriate amount
of decimal places for the date.
I want to output props date here so that we have a date we can output for the styling overall here.
I want to have a order item style assignments so that we can stall the whole order and then there we
need like let's say stalls summaries so that we can styled this row.
And regarding the text here this should have a style of let's say total amount as always d style identifiers
are up to you.
Here I want to have a date style
the button also should get its own color which I'll get from the colors content therefore does import
needs to be added in there.
I'll use my primary color OK.
So that's it for now.
Welcome back to the details in a second.
Now let's apply some styling here so that we can see something for the order item itself.
All again reuse that card look which I already have in the product item sole copy all these settings
here from the product item and move them over to the order item.
So did a shadow is applied a background color a border radius all that should be applied.
An additional add a margin of 20 in all directions so that each order item has some spacing around it
inside of the order item all the while I have a padding of 10 so that the content in their dozens sits
directly on the edges of the surrounding border and so on now for the summary which is this view that
holds the two text pieces there.
The styling should actually be that we have a flex directional for row of course because items should
be sitting next to each other justify content should be space between.
And besides that a line items should be center so that on the cross axis which here is the vertical
axis items are centered.
I also want to ensure that we take the full available width here to distribute the text now for the
total amount which is the styling applied to this first text piece which outputs the amount there.
As always you can solid whoever you want but also the font family of open sounds bold to use that bold
version of my fund and give it a font size of 16 let's say and then for the date which is my style I
apply to that date text here dare I.
In the end all the want to use a font size of 16 but font family will just be open sans without the
bold wording.
And in addition we can also reuse that dark grayish color here now with this let's give it a try and
let's use that order item in the orders screen.
So in there we first of all need to import order item from.
And then of course go to the components folder there to the shop folder and then import order item from
that order item file.
And here instead of rendering that text we now render dead order item here as a self closing tag.
And of course we need to configure this.
This requires us to pass in the amount and the date and later also the detail items.
So the items in the order.
But that will come in a second step.
So for now here we need to pass in the amount and that of course is simply item data dot item which
is a single order.
Don't forget we're looping through all orders here which is an array of orders.
So that's a single order.
And in there the amount if we have a look at our order model is stored in the total amount field data
set and stored in that date field.
So here we access the total amount field and for the date prop which we all need to pass and we can
access item data on item dot date if we know safeties and we have a look at that.
Let's add some corn here ordered this and then go to our orders screen and we get this error.
No dessert for us to objects not being valid is actually written and shows us that in the end it's the
state object it's having a problem with and that makes sense because date in our order when we create
it here now redux store is a date javascript object.
Now we can't output this as text like that to output it.
We can go to our model though here which is in the end the blueprint we use for creating the orders
and in the order model we can do something we haven't done before we can add a method to this model
or to be precise a getter which is a default javascript feature of modern javascript.
So here we can use to get keyword and then any name of your love choice like readable date which is
like a function but not a function you call like a function but what you access like a property in the
end which returns a calculated value and there I want to return this state so to date object which is
stored for this object but then we can call to low kill date string which is a built in JavaScript method
we can use on date objects to convert does object to a human readable date there we pass in the language
for which we want to optimize it like this for example and now we can configure it is with a second
argument which is a javascript object there you can define how two years should be configured and attached
you find a detailed box for this method if you want to learn all about it and for example we can set
the year to numeric the month too long the day to numeric
the our 2 2 digit and the minute also 2 2 digit.
Now we have that readable data property which we can access on any order item and Dale for now in the
orders screen instead of passing in the data object like this I access readable data which is now does
new gather property we added and now what you'll see is that if I again placed his order here by clicking
order now and I now go to my orders now you see the total amount and this cleanly for month date and
now if I do the same on Android I place an order here and I go to my orders screen you see the same
there now data I just want to tweak that button a little bit in general all on OS it shouldn't be as
broad not as wide here so in the order item component where I have this button in the end what we can
do is on this view here we can add a line items center to center de content along the cross axis which
is left to right and therefore now if I tried this again I placed this order in I go to orders you see
this is now not principal there and it's even clearer on Android if we reloaded their
and I place does order real quick here go to the orders screen now we have this button now of course
the goal is that when we press this button this order expands here what you'll note on Android by the
way is that this state isn't displayed correctly.
So that's another thing we need to fix.
Now the reason for that not being displayed correctly is how react native works internally which JavaScript
engine it uses internally and the one it uses for Android there or on Android platforms does simply
not support does nice to local data string method I'm using here.
That engine use the Iaw does spot on android.
That's not the case which is of course inconvenient and not that great.
So what can we do an android to fix this.
The solution is to install a separate library which is called moment J.S. we installed with NPM installed
dash dash save moment.
Does a third party library that will work on both platforms.
Which makes formatting dates also super simple.
So let's wait for it as installation to complete.
Now with that installed you import everything asked moment from moments from the library you just installed
and now you can use it in this file here.
Now we can come and out this down here and instead return moment executed like a function and pass in
this start date.
So to date object we want to format and call format now form it takes the string where you can configure
how to format this and attached you all to find a link to the official docs where you can learn all
about the possibilities you have there.
Now here one example one way of formatting this lets say a long month.
What you do with 4 capital M's then the old we have a nicely formatted date in that month though day
in month output year represented by four digits and then an hour always represented with two digits
and the minutes.
Now if we safeties and we give this a try start on our s whips add this here to the cart go to the card
and ordered this and now go to orders.
This looks good.
And now if we give this a try on Android as well we ordered that.
And then here we go to orders does not all looks nice there.
Now that's a little fixed now let's work on the button and give it some spacing as well.
Besides shrinking its size and that can be done by going to to the summary here which is the style apply
to the view which holds the two text pieces there we can simply add a margin to the bottom of let's
say 15 so that we have some spacing between that summary row which is this text row at the top and the
button below it so I'll add this to my card here ordered as then go back here go to orders.
Now it looks good.
Now let's make sure to show details.
Button does something as well.